dvclive 1.0 (#4085)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/dvclive/api-reference/live/make_summary.md

# Live.make_summary()

> Serializes a summary of the logged metrics (`Live.summary`) to
> `Live.metrics_file`.

Reviewer: Not blocking:

```suggestion
Saves a summary of the latest metrics values (`Live.summary`) to
`dvclive/metrics.json`.
```

I think it's fine to either use `dvclive/metrics.json` or keep `Live.metrics_file` and link back to where it's explained.
